OKTA-620014 Updates to Web App with Redirect Quickstart (#4295)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app-redirect/main/spring-boot/testapp.md

1. Start your app with Spring Boot:

   ```bash
   mvn spring-boot:run
   ```

1. Open a browser and go to `http://localhost:8080`.

> 1. The browser redirects you to Okta to sign in using the Sign-In Widget.

Reviewer: This isn't a step. I suggest that you add it to step one as a second sentence.

> 1. After you’ve signed in, check your user's name appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After you sign in, check that your user's name appears.
```
